them
today in learn to drive we are going to
teach how to start on a slope
much more inclined is pending can
have approximately between 40 35 40
degrees is a very steep slope in
a very normal city ​​of colombia
true then so that you are
calmer and support or help with the
handbrake for the kart not you
send back
and have security and be calm
if for some reason they have to take a
skirt of these because it 's inevitable in
his journey to work for the
university then we rely on the
handbrake so that the car or the
emergency so the car is safe
We are going to put the first one and already with
the handbrake ready here in your hand
we are ready to go down
quickly and we do the exercise
normal to sink the accelerator while
let's loose the front let's do
the test right now then I have the
handbrake hold strongly and I'll
to release the pedal brake and oscar
vacuum cleaner and Emilio I started doing what
same as I did on the other occasion
exactly the same but what happens that
already one day I'm going to release the brake
emergency like this the emergency brake in
this moment is low and has just released
I climbed the clutch
and I have the accelerator and here I can
make the same slope the same as
I'm doing the point we made in
a softer rise then
we find him
then here we finish uploading the
pending
for some reason they do not end well I have
enough strength 3 has to follow
doing the exercise until the car
finish climbing the slope remember
clutch throttle clutch accelerator
See you at the next of learning to
driving like this we climb an incline with
a very high inclination